[brown, beer, early, ipa, hidden, decent, quirk]

I really enjoyed this little spot, especially as a Brown affiliate. If you're a Brown Grad, you can get a fairly cheap annual pass and bring as many as ?3 guests for free everytime you visit. As far as I know, this is a non-profit establishment, and the beer selection is quite impressive for a clean dive bar and very cheap. The mixed drinks are not the highest qualities in the world, but they definitely make up for it with the impressive amount of liquor to mixer ratio. There's a pool table and some board games and plenty of chairs. Depending on the season, it'll either be relatively quiet, and full to the brim with recent age-appropriate college seniors, grad students or med students after an exam.

I do like this place, and I'd say it's probably the best place to meet young, intelligent people for the first time in the bar-scene.
Your typical college bar, like my friend said it feels like I'm in a dining hall but they're giving me alcohol instead of food. 

I had the amber cider which was pretty good, it was pretty strong for cider. We also ordered jerky, pistachios, hummus and chips. It was disappointing that they didn't serve the jerky or pistachios on plates but just in their packages.. Snacks a little overprice for the quantity and quality..
The prices alone earn these 5 stars.  Cheap beers for $2 and a wide variety of craft beers for $4-5.  Food is limited to a cheese plate and bar snacks, but food isn't the point of a basement college bar...  Service is excellent, but if you go during peak hours on a Friday/Saturday night, expect a crowd at the bar.

Basically, go early, bring a couple friends, enjoy some good beer (or other drinks if you're feeling crazy), and relax!
The GCB, lovingly called amongst my friends as "The Secret Bar," because it is so tucked away. 

You head down the stairs, round a bend, and you're there. $5 cover to get in, but worry-not, imbibers! This is some top-notch subsidized alcohol. That's right. Subsidized, meaning drinks are less expensive. Glory be!

It can get a little obnoxious in here, but the cool-as-you-will bartender, Pat, makes up for it. He's a champ and unfailingly polite. If you don't know what to drink, he'll make a great recommendation.

So, take a chance on something new, it won't cost you that much, maybe just a hangover.
Available only to Brown students or guests of Brown students, the GCB is a perfect dive bar. The drinks are cheap, and the rooms are dark. For $4 you can get a super strong dark & stormy, and for reasonable prices you can get whole pitchers of some pretty decent beers.
The best of Providence, urban exploring, and top notch beer on the cheap.  A super chill bar nestled in the concrete jungle that is Brown's  ugliest (and only riot proof) dorm. 

Nothing to say that hasn't already been said, so I'll preach to the choir: the GCB is the greatest! Cheap beer, great bartenders, lots of variety (rooms with tables, room with couches and TV, room with pool), super weird experience finding it in the first place, and a good mix of community members, Brown grad students, and Brown undergrads. 

Quirks - it's member only, but if you just want to check it out before committing you can pay $5 (think of it as a cover to get a $2.50 Newcastle - still a total deal). 

I recommend going on the earlier side, happy-hour ish, to avoid the undergrad rush.